the call-to-action has come right in the
middle of their morning routine but they
can't ignore a sign that something's
wrong so close to the den and their
babies it's the stripes and they're not
here for a friendly morning chat the
banded brothers have no choice but to
take them head-on
[Music]
the bandits appear to push them back but
the stripes are full of resolve soon
it's about all the bandage can do to
keep them at bay
[Music]
by now the panic has reached home
confused the babysitters don't know
which way to turn if they flee now they
risk being intercepted by the enemy but
if they don't move and the pups are
found in the den they're as good as dead
they take their chances and flee back on
the battlefield the family is fading
fast it's up to the oldest and the
fittest to hold off the marauding
intruders
but they can't afford to fight for long
they've got to help the pups
the frontline stripes seize their chance
they've got the bandits on the run
[Music]
as the family attempt to keep track of
all 12 infants confusion reigns if one
gets left behind it's sure to be lost
forever but if they don't find a new
refuge that's out of reach of the
stripes then they're in grave danger